[WIP] Add a guide for LLM Inference Service for GA and simple quickstart tutorial (#904)
opendatahub-io/kserve: docs/samples/llmisvc/ocp-setup-for-GA/README.md

For more information, see [Configuring Ingress Cluster Traffic](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html/ingress_and_load_balancing/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic#nw-ingress-gateway-api-enable_ingress-gateway-api) in the OpenShift documentation.

> **Note**: It is recommended to install GatewayClass before other components. If the gateway provider is installed later than Kuadrant (RHCL), you may need to restart the kuadrant-operator and recreate the AuthPolicy.

### Operators
- **Cert-Manager v1.17.0**: Certificate management for Kubernetes (required by LWS operator)
- **Leader Worker Set Operator v1.0.0**: Enables deploying pods as a unit of replication for AI/ML inference workloads
- **Red Hat Connectivity Link v1.1.1**: Provides a control plane for defining connectivity-related policies like TLS, authentication/authorization, rate limiting, and DNS routing / multi-cluster routing.

*Create Script*
~~~
oc apply -k ./docs/samples/llmisvc/ocp-setup-for-GA/prerequisites/dependent-operators
~~~

*Verify commands*
~~~
# Wait for cert-manager to be ready

> oc wait --for=condition=CatalogSourcesUnhealthy=false subscription/openshift-cert-manager-operator -n cert-manager-operator --timeout=300s

Reviewer: Isn't this a better readiness check?
```suggestion
while [ $(oc get pod -n cert-manager-operator  | wc -l) -le 1 ]; 
do
  echo "⏳ waiting for Cert-Manager Pod to appear…"
  sleep 10
done
oc wait pod -l name=cert-manager-operator -n cert-manager-operator --for=condition=Ready --timeout=120s 
```

Author: updated

# Wait for Leader Worker Set Operator to be ready

> oc wait --for=condition=CatalogSourcesUnhealthy=false subscription/leader-worker-set -n openshift-lws-operator --timeout=300s

Author: updated
